# power-control-template
### UPDATE 15/12/2024!!  
> This program Has been renamed to html-usb-power-control. The reason I chose to do this is because my raspi zero w actually died.. and always intended late midway into coding the python script for it to be able to be taken by anyone with any different hardware and needs for person to person only requiring them to edit two files that literally only contain the on and off actions to be modular. You can also edit the python code if you need your power on off in a different language. also you don't need a Chromebook I've known that since before I made the repo. The original README will be stored in the repo under /old/OLDREADME.md, for reading if you so wish. It's nothing much.. okay that's it! Bye!

### UPDATE 15/3/2025!!  
> This program has been renamed to usb-power-control and no longer is meant to be an application and a template and is now only planned to be a template also see version system section[^1] for the version system being used. The movement to a template is for many reasons and also because I never really thought of this as a thing that shouldn't have people making other ways for it to work depending on what they have. \[actually maybe I should rename everything to power control instead of usb-power-control, sure I will but this might seem a bit out of place.. it's fine\] \(this could be a test implementation but since this is literally most of a project and has libaries in the template which makes it more of a template. but you can always use any code that is in my projects\) now that it is a template, you should be ready to code for this.. not that anyone was even here before and there still is no one but I should still make updates so the history can be preserved. I'll write a guide in readme later

[^1]: version system section as of 15/3/2025 doesn't exist
